Once we've created a workspace in RStudio Cloud, a great next step is to add any co-instructors
and teaching assistants to the space to help us get everything set up.
From within our workspace, we click on the Members tab at the top, where by default we
see any current members already in the workspace.
We can also click on Invitations to see the status of any pending invitations that we've
sent.
When we click on the Add Member button, we see a pop-up asking us for the new member's
email address, role, and any additional text we wish to include in the invite.
One thing we need to think about here is what role we'd like to add our co-instructors
and teaching assistants as.
Inviting someone as a moderator allows that person to access all of the projects within
a workspace, whereas if we add them as an administrator, they will also have the ability
to add and remove students, as well as change the workspace settings.
Whatever we choose, we aren't locked into that option forever.
Let's look here, where I've added myself as a member to our data visualization workspace.
I can change my role by clicking on the drop-down menu and choosing an updated role for any
member within the workspace.
Adding members in this way is great when we want to add workspace members one by one.
Check out our Inviting Learners video for ways to add multiple members at once.